DOCSP-19060: monitoring (#207)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/monitoring.txt

           "ServiceID": null,
           "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 0,
           "SetName": "...",
           "SetVersion": 0,
           "Tags": null,
           "TopologyVersion": null,
           "Kind": 0,
           "WireVersion": null
       },
       "NewDescription": {
           "Addr": "...",
           "Arbiters": null,
           "AverageRTT": ...,
           "AverageRTTSet": true,
           "Compression": null,
           "CanonicalAddr": "...",
           "ElectionID": "...",
           "HeartbeatInterval": ...,
           "HelloOK": true,
           "Hosts": [...],
           "LastError": null,
           "LastUpdateTime": "...",
           "LastWriteTime": "...",
           "MaxBatchCount": ...,
           "MaxDocumentSize": ...,
           "MaxMessageSize": ...,
           "Members": [...],
           "Passives": null,
           "Passive": false,
           "Primary": "...",
           "ReadOnly": false,
           "ServiceID": null,
           "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 30,
           "SetName": "...",
           "SetVersion": 9,
           "Tags": [...],
           "TopologyVersion": {...},
           "Kind": 10,
           "WireVersion": {...}
       }
   }

> The ``Kind`` field in the server descriptions represents the type of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Kind`` field in the ``ServerDescriptionChangedEvent`` document represents the type of a
```

> The ``Kind`` field in the server descriptions represents the type of a

Reviewer: Question: I agree that Kind should be documented here, but are the rest of the document fields straightforward enough that we don't need to document them too?

single server in a topology and can have the following values:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Value
     - Description
   * - ``0``
     - Unknown instance
   * - ``1``
     - Standalone instance
   * - ``2``
     - Replica set member
   * - ``6``
     - Primary instance
   * - ``10``
     - Secondary instance
   * - ``18``
     - Arbiter instance
   * - ``34``

>      - Replica set ghost, a member that cannot be queried

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Replica set ghost (a member that cannot be queried)
```

   * - ``256``

>      - Mongos proxy instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ``mongos`` proxy instance
```

   * - ``512``
     - Load balancer instance

ServerOpeningEvent
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash
   :copyable: false

   *event.ServerOpeningEvent
   {
       "Address": "...",
       "TopologyID": "..."
   }

ServerClosedEvent
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash
   :copyable: false

   *event.ServerClosedEvent
   {
       "Address": "...",
       "TopologyID": "..."
   }

TopologyDescriptionChangedEvent
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. important::

   The driver calls ``TopologyDescriptionChanged`` when the deployment topology is locked,
   so the callback should not attempt any operation that requires server

>    selection on the same client.

Reviewer: Issue: This is the first time callbacks are explicitly mentioned, so some added context would be useful. Is this a callback that's passed when they subscribe to the event in Go? What I suggested in the following comment may be sufficient.

>    The driver calls ``TopologyDescriptionChanged`` when the deployment topology is locked,
>    so the callback should not attempt any operation that requires server
>    selection on the same client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Because the driver calls ``TopologyDescriptionChanged`` when the deployment topology is locked,
   the callback for this event should not attempt any operation that requires server
   selection on the same client.
```

                   "HelloOK": false,
                   "Hosts": null,
                   "LastError": null,
                   "LastUpdateTime": "...",
                   "LastWriteTime": "...",
                   "MaxBatchCount": 0,
                   "MaxDocumentSize": 0,
                   "MaxMessageSize": 0,
                   "Members": null,
                   "Passives": null,
                   "Passive": false,
                   "Primary": "...",
                   "ReadOnly": false,
                   "ServiceID": null,
                   "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 0,
                   "SetName": "...",
                   "SetVersion": 0,
                   "Tags": null,
                   "TopologyVersion": null,
                   "Kind": 0,
                   "WireVersion": null
               },
               ...
           ],
           "SetName": "...",
           "Kind": 10,
           "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 30,
           "CompatibilityErr": null
       },
       "NewDescription": {
           "Servers": [...],
           "SetName": "...",
           "Kind": 10,
           "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 30,
           "CompatibilityErr": null
       }
   }

> The ``Kind`` field in the server descriptions represents the type of a

Reviewer: Q: I see that this table is repeated throughout the page. Is there a reasonably clean way to include it just once? Maybe a subheading dedicated to this field?

Author: I used the Node page as a reference and it is repeated there, I have converted it to a note and added a reference.

Author: actually a note made it seem like it was applicable to the section it was under. made it a subheading.

> The ``Kind`` field in the server descriptions represents the type of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Kind`` field in the ``TopologyDescriptionChangedEvent`` document represents the type of a
```

       "Awaited": true
   }

ServerHeartbeatSucceededEvent
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash
   :copyable: false

   *event.ServerHeartbeatSucceededEvent
   {
    "DurationNanos": ...,
       "Reply": {
           "Addr": "...",
           "Arbiters": null,
           "AverageRTT": 0,
           "AverageRTTSet": false,
           "Compression": null,
           "CanonicalAddr": "...",
           "ElectionID": "...",
           "HeartbeatInterval": 0,
           "HelloOK": true,
           "Hosts": [...],
           "LastError": null,
           "LastUpdateTime": "...",
           "LastWriteTime": "...",
           "MaxBatchCount": ...,
           "MaxDocumentSize": ...,
           "MaxMessageSize": ...,
           "Members": [...],
           "Passives": null,
           "Passive": false,
           "Primary": "...",
           "ReadOnly": false,
           "ServiceID": null,
           "SessionTimeoutMinutes": 30,
           "SetName": "...",
           "SetVersion": 9,
           "Tags": [...],
           "TopologyVersion": {...},
           "Kind": 6,
           "WireVersion": {...}
       },
       "ConnectionID": "...",
       "Awaited": true
   }

> The ``Kind`` field in the server description represents the type of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Kind`` field in the ``ServerHeartbeatSucceededEvent`` document represents the type of a
```

Author: N/A because restructuring to have one table.
